The master follows the car in front
Sure enough it was him
Master goes to the hospital
Am I getting sicker again?
This has never happened before.
You're pregnant?
What!
Oh, really?
Is this child going to stay?
Have you forgotten how your father treated you?
Are they all together?
This child is not only his but also mine
And what's more, he is also a small life
Anyway.
He must be born
You calm down
There's something to think about
When I was pregnant
Can you help me keep a secret?
I don't want anyone else to know yet.
Don't worry, I won't talk nonsense.
Thanks.
You can have the baby if you want
Will I take care of you?
Miss
I beg you to consider me too, okay?